1. Which one of the following is an Imperative Language? 
HTML
CSS
Java Script

      Answer:	Javascript is an Imperative Language.
 
2. Which one of the following is a Declarative Language? 
HTML
CSS
Java Script

      Answer:   HTML and CSS are Declarative Languages.
  

3. Name two uses of a DIV tag?

      Answer:The div tag is known as Division tag. The div tag is used in HTML to make divisions of 
              content in the web page like text, images, header, footer etc.
 

4. What is the difference between relative positioning and absolute positioning in HTML? 

      Answer:Relative :-places an element relative to its current position without changing the layout around it.
             Absolute :- places an element relative to its parent’s position and changes the layout around it.
  

5. What is the use of opacity in CSS??

      Answer: The opacity-level describes the transparency-level, where 1 is not transparent at all, 0.5 is 50% see-through, 
               and 0 is completely transparent.
   

6. Which is the programming language used in the React Native Framework??

      Answer: JSX
 

7. Which online editor are we using for creating our apps in React Native Framework?? 

      Answer: Snack.io


 8. Write the steps to test your first designed app in the online editor on a mobile.

      Answer:For Android/iOS, you can install Expo Client, sign in with the same account and open the project from under 
             Projects Tab. For Android, you can also scan the QR Code.
  

9. What is the use of the render function in React Native Framework? 

      Answer:‘render()’ function simply displays whatever components are returned by it. 
  

10. What is the use of return function in React Native Framework? 

      Answer:  Anything that is in the return function/statement  is rendered or displayed.


11. What are the various components in your first app that you designed?
1) 	Button
2) 	View
3) 	Text

      Answer:View
